(GRUNTING)
OMG! This is really stuck.
What kind of person puts a
bucket on their head on purpose?
I have to wash my hair!
Can you not just use the shower?
Ew! No way.
I pee in there!
(GAGS)
(GRUNTS)
(CHUCKLES)
Whoa, you want to ride
on my handle bars, just ask.
(BOTH CHUCKLE)
I am so sorry, Sasha.
Jorge got his head stuck
in a bucket again,
and I lost my balance...
And my will to live.
(LAUGHS)
(GROANS) You are funny.
Uh, hey...
Do you want to join me
on my bike ride?
Before I commit, may I ask why there
is a steak tied to your bike?
How else are you going to get the
mountain lions to chase you?
Well, as tempting
as that sounds, (CHUCKLES)
my hammies are quite tender
from today's chair aerobics.
Maybe next time.
Catch you later!
OMG,
Sasha was totally
flirting with you!
Wha... Oh, that is not possible.
Sasha is the coolest
girl in camp.
And I am not even the
coolest guy in Botany Club.
That is Derek, obvi.
Emma's right, she's into you.
Of course, she also teases mountain lions,
so clearly her judgment is impaired.
Well, even
if you guys are right,
I have no idea
how to woo a maiden.
Well, to start off, never
say "woo" or "maiden."
Don't worry, I'll coach you through it.
I'll help too.
Why would he ask you for help?
You just got your head
stuck in a bucket.
Yeah, but I looked
smokin' hot doing it.
¶ Here we go
¶ We're leaving the city
behind right now
¶ Let's gather by
the campfire light
¶ And sing this song
ALL: ¶ Kikiwaka
¶ Hanging out with someone new
¶ Then falling out
of a camp canoe
¶ What's that smell?
It's on your shoe
ALL: ¶ Kikiwaka
¶ Got a s'more in my hair
¶ Mosquitos in our underwear
¶ Shower's broke
but we don't care
ALL: ¶ Kikiwaka
¶ This is our home away from home
away from home away from home
¶ But watch your back
A bear just ate my phone
ALL: ¶ Kikiwaka, Kikiwaka
ALL: ¶ Kikiwaka, Kikiwaka ¶
Woodchucks, I am so glad I get to share
the gift of bird-watching with you!
Next time you want to share
a gift with me, I like cash.
Oh, my lucky stars,
a Tufted Titmouse!
Ooh, a Purple Fairy Martin!
And a Tinsel Flea Turnip!
What? I thought we were
just saying weird words.
The Purple Fairy Martin and Tufted
Titmouse are species of birds.
In fact, there are over 400
diverse avian species in Maine.
Eh, they all look
like pigeons to me.
Let's get a closer look at
these magnificent creatures.
If you look up,
don't open your mouth.
TIFFANY: Hey, Zuri, look!
A Tawny Eagle egg.
It must've fallen
from its nest way up there.
Aw, we have to save
this baby birdy.
(GASPS) Let's take it
back to the cabin.
Sweet! I've always wanted
a guard eagle.
Really?
Yes, it's the first step
in becoming a supervillain.
It's good to have goals.
But we can't tell
Lou about this.
Remember when she made us get rid
of that adorable stray puppy?
To be fair, it was a wolf.
Yeah...
I miss Bitey.
Oh, okay, the target
has been spotted.
Don't say target.
You want to take her out,
not "take her out!"
Okay, what do I do?
Walk up to her?
Oh, got it.
But do it in a cool way,
like you're in a Western.
Girls love cowboys.
Howdy, ma'am.
You must be
the new school marm in town.
(WHISPERING) What am I saying?
I have no idea, but did you
just call me a "marm"?
Abort! Punch her and run away.
That's what girls do to me.
Don't listen to bucket head.
Ask her about her day.
And whatever she says,
act fascinated.
Ah! How is your
day going, Sasha?
Well, so far,
I've just had breakfast.
Really? That is fascinating!
Ah, not really,
it was just a donut.
I can't believe
she took the last donut!
you took the last donut!
Well, if it makes you feel any
better, it was stale. (BOTH CHUCKLE)
It doesn't.
Don't let her go!
Oh, wait!
(EXCLAIMING)
Whoa!
That was some hardcore parkour!
Great! He's in!
I like to live life on the edge.
In fact, I may just leave some
of these splinters in my tushy.
(CHUCKLES)
And he's out again.
Uh, Sasha, would you
want to go on a date with me?
Sure! Well, you cannot
blame a guy for trying...
Wait, did you just say yes?
(CHUCKLING) Yes.
BOTH: Yes!
They have sporks.
And Ravi finally got a date!
Who's a cute little eggy?
You are. Yes, you are!
Hey, Zuri.
(DOOR CLOSES) I found this book
about baby birds in the library.
It's called "What to Expect
When You're Eggs-pecting."
(CHUCKLES)
We don't need a book,
we can just "wing" it.
Oh, but "Eggs-pecting"
is so clever.
Anyway, the book says that the baby bird
will need food as soon as it's hatched.
So, we should stock up
on worms now.
Right. I say we flip a coin to see who
does the chewing and regurgitating.
Or we can use a blender.
Sure. If you want
to be a lazy parent.
Next you'll be leaving her
with a birdysitter,
who will just stick her
in front of the TV all day.
Little Shelly deserves better.
Shelly? I thought we were
going to name her Egg-atha.
Fine, if you want her
to be teased,
spend all her birthdays alone,
and never get asked to prom.
Then, she'll wind up
an old maid,
with a bunch of cats, who will
eat her, because she's a bird!
Or none of those things will
happen, because she is a bird.
Hey, my little Chuck-lets.
What's going on?
BOTH: Nothing!
Okay.
So, Zuri, how do you like
the bird-watching?
What was your favorite part?
(GRUNTS) Spending time with you.
Now get lost!
Bye. Visit anytime.
I will, because
this is my cabin.
And has been for eight years.
Then it's time for a change.
Yeah. Why don't you
check out Bunny cabin?
They have a really great view
of the cesspool.
Okay, something's going on here.
You two are sweating
like hogs in a hot tub.
We like to give them a spa
day before we... You know.
Ooh, is that a
Red breasted Nuthatch?
Ooh, that's my favorite
of all the nuthatches.
Phew!
That was close.
(GASPS) Zuri! The egg!
(CLATTERS)
Thank goodness.
You almost broke it.
I broke something.
Hey, there's my lady killer!
How did your whitewater
rafting date go?
It was humiliating.
When we went over the rapids, I
screamed like a toddler on Santa's lap.
Maybe she thought they were
screams of excitement?
Yes. And maybe she also
thought the wetness
in my pants was from the river.
Don't worry, champ.
Pick yourself up,
change your underwear,
and focus on the second date.
Did you not hear the
wee-wee-in-the pants story?
Hey, Ravi, do you have a second?
Here it comes.
I know, I have
a great personality,
but you just want to be friends.
(CHUCKLES) No.
Wait, you do not
want to be friends?
Of course.
I came over to see if you
want to go on a second date?
Second date?
Second date!
Well, yes, I cannot wait
to go out with you again!
Oh, I am so happy.
Nay, elated!
I have...
(CLEARS THROAT) I mean,
cool, whatevs.
(CHUCKLES)
Sweet! And whatever we do, it
has to be totally extreme!
(BOTH LAUGHING)
Come on, X me!
Okay, extreme
starts with an "E,"
but I suppose I will throw caution
and spelling to the wind!
(EXCLAIMS)
Hey, Sasha.
Wow, Ravi!
You're not limping anymore.
You are an extreme healer!
(GROANS)
I love that!
Oh, yes, I am a speedy clotter.
(CHUCKLES)
So, what shall we do
for our hangout?
Dude, when you're with me,
you don't "hang out."
Hang, chill, relax, are
not words in my vocabulary!
Then I think our next date
should be at an SAT prep course.
(CHUCKLES)
I'd rather do an obstacle course.
(BOTH CHUCKLE)
But right now,
we're going to joust.
Super romantic, right?
Is it?
Aw, look at Ravi with Sasha.
JORGE: Our little boy
is all grown up.
And there's finally a girl talking to him
who's not a family member or a teacher.
Isn't this so much fun? (GROANS)
(CHUCKLES) If I say yes,
will you stop pummeling me?
Come on, bro,
don't go easy on me!
Hit me as hard as you can!
Ha! Very well. Get ready
for me to bring the pain!
(LAUGHING) (GRUNTING)
Stop! That tickles.
Aw, young love is adorable.
(GROANS)
And apparently painful.
(SING-SONG) ¶ Rock-a-bye
Shelly, in the tree top
¶ When the wind blows... ¶
Hello, the wind probably
blew her out of the nest.
Way to traumatize her.
I'm sorry, Shelly.
I'll just tell you a story.
Humpty Dumpty sat on a wall...
Nope!
And lived happily ever after,
without a great fall.
It's Lou! Quick, hide Egg-atha!
Shelly! Whatever!
(SIGHS) I have been looking for
that Red breasted Nuthatch forever!
(DOOR CLOSES) Are you
sure that's what you saw?
Absolutely.
I mean, two wings, a beak...
What else could it have been?
Every bird in existence.
LOU: Uh, Zuri...
What's going on
there?
Uh...
I just went through puberty.
On one side.
Don't you hate
when that happens?
Okay, fess up.
What are you guys hiding?
(SIGHS) Okay, Lou,
this is Shelly.
Shelly, say hi.
Oh, she's shy.
This is a Tawny Eagle egg.
Did you learn nothing from
when I had to take Bitey away?
Only that there's a lump of ice
where your heart should be!
Hey, that wolf tried to take a
chunk out of my prized hams.
Now get to explaining.
We found the egg
when we were bird watching.
So we're taking care of it
till it hatches.
Girls, taking this egg
was a huge mistake.
Eagles are a protected species.
What were we supposed to do?
Leave it in the forest,
like Gladys left Timmy?
No, we need to turn it
over to a wildlife officer.
Eagle eggs are high-maintenance,
and require a lot of attention.
So does Emma, but we keep her!
I'm sorry, girls.
We can't let Shelly be raised
by a bunch of strangers.
(DOOR CLOSES)
No one's gonna love her
as much as we do.
Except...
Possibly her bird mom?
Maybe we should take
Shelly back to her nest.
But she'd love New York.
There's eight million people
to poop on.
(SIGHS) Fine, I'll start
getting her ready.
Uh... Why are you
putting her hat on her butt?
This is her butt?
Oh, man, I've been
kissing the wrong cheeks.
Ow! Ow!
I cannot believe
you did extreme fire jousting.
Why not?
It is so much more fun when there
is more at stake. (NERVOUS CHUCKLE)
Yeah, like your fingerprints!
On the bright side, I can now commit
a crime without being traced.
Good, because there's
a couple kids in Bunny cabin
I'd like to see "take a hike."
Ravi, I'm happy
you're dating Sasha,
but can't you at least ask her if she
wants to do something more chill?
The only "chill" thing
Sasha has ever done
is get frostbite while
dog sledding in Alaska.
Don't listen to her, bro.
Love hurts.
Yeah, but it shouldn't
give you third degree burns.
Chicks dig scars.
My uncle told me that.
He's a really
bad plastic surgeon.
(PANTING) Wow, it feels like
we've been climbing forever,
but at least the view is great.
Not from where I'm standing.
We made it!
Oh, look, what a lovely nest.
Yeah, but I'm not sure
about the neighborhood.
I saw some sketchy squirrels
on the way up here.
Zuri, Shelly will be fine.
This is where she belongs.
(BOTH GASP)
TIFFANY: My book!
Whoa!
Did this tree grow
since we've been up here?
I'm afraid to climb down!
(CHOKING) Be careful!
You're going to knock
Shelly out of her nest!
At least she has a protective
shell to break her fall!
I only have you!
Look, I'm sure eventually
someone at camp
will notice we're missing
and come rescue us.
Or they'll just think, "Oh,
goodie, more pudding for us!"
Tiffany, I promise, everything
is going to be fine.
(EAGLE SCREAMING)
Or not! Mom's home.
(GASPS) The two most terrifying
words in the English language.
One, two,
two and a half...
Ravi, if you can't
jump off a bed,
how are you going
to jump out of a plane?
OMG!
I heard you and Sasha were going
skydiving, but I didn't believe it.
I mean, you won't even
do regular diving.
I know, but with Sasha, I'm a new man.
Jorge, my step stool.
Emma, being in a relationship
is about compromise.
Maybe when it comes
to pizza toppings,
but not when it comes
to living or dying.
(SIGHS) Ravi, you need
to break up with this girl.
No way!
He can't risk losing Sasha.
He'll never find another girl
who wants to go out with him.
I beg your pardon!
I'm sorry.
Whom wants to go out with him.
(SIGHS) Jorge is right.
Sasha is my
first real girlfriend,
and that is worth any risk.
You know how I know
you're wrong?
Because that sentence
started with "Jorge is right."
Emma, just be happy for me.
I can finally go to a movie and
hold something other than popcorn.
Hey, thrill seeker...
(CHUCKLES)
We have pet names
for each other.
Hey, death wish. (CHUCKLES)
(GROANS)
You ready for
the rush of your life?
As ready as two hydrogen
atoms to form a covalent bond!
That's his way of saying
he's ready.
Great, let's fly!
Well, he may break
every bone in his body,
but at least he'll be able
to say he had a girlfriend.
How is he going to say
anything with a broken jaw?
Like this... (MUFFLED)
"I had a girlfriend."
Okay, back in your bucket.
(TIFFANY AND ZURI SCREAMING)
(EAGLE SCREECHING)
I never thought I'd meet
a mom scarier than mine!
Well, at least
if we die up here,
we won't get in trouble
for sneaking away!
You two are in big trouble!
(GASPS)
Lou, how did you find us?
Well, I just thought to myself,
"What is the stupidest thing
these girls could do?"
And bing-bang-boom, here we are!
(EAGLE SCREAMS)
Quick! She's coming back!
And she's got a knife!
That's a twig.
It's still pointy and sharp.
(CAWING)
What are you doing?
I told her to go away.
I speak eagle.
(EAGLE SCREAMS)
(GASPING AND EXCLAIMING)
Well, not very well.
It's my second language!
(GASPS)
There she is.
(CHIRPS)
She's so beautiful.
(EGG CRACKING)
Guys, look!
Shelly's hatching!
(CHIRPING)
Isn't this a miracle?
I can't believe
it's Shelly's birthday.
Hatch day?
Either way,
there should be cake.
Ooh, can we also
have an ice cream bar?
Sure, I'll see if someone
delivers 100 feet in the air.
Are you people crazy?
(CHIRPING CONTINUES)
Aw!
She loves Shelly
as much as we do!
She sure does.
So, are you guys
ready to say goodbye?
You're never really ready.
Take good care of our Shelly.
Keep her warm, and find her lots
of nice, juicy mice to eat.
And caw her to sleep
every night.
Of course,
she loves the Dixie Chicks.
Okay, Woodchucks, let's make like a
Camp Kikiwaka dance party and get down.
(AIRPLANE WHIRRING)
SASHA: This is awesome, right?
Can't you just feel the adrenaline
pumping through your body?
RAVI: Is that what that is?
I thought that was
just my heart exploding.
SASHA: Three, two, one... Jump!
(RAVI SCREAMING)
Isn't this amazing?
No! This is the most horrifying
experience of my life!
And I spent most of eighth grade
with my head shoved in a toilet!
Ravi, what are you saying?
I am saying I do not think
this is working out!
I'm going to have
to break up with you.
What?
It is not you, it is me...
Thinking I am going to die
every time I am with you.
And you're telling me this now?
I agree the optimum time might
have been back on the plane.
Or before we took off.
You are so not the extreme guy
I thought you were.
Like, duh!
I should have known
when you insisted
on having an extinguisher
on hand for fire jousting.
Well, excuse me
for not wanting to die,
you total whackadoo!
So...
Now that we are amicably parted,
can we review
the landing procedure?
I guess that's something else you
should have asked this total whackadoo
before you dumped me in mid-air.
Fair point.
(SCREAMING)
Thanks again, Lou. Yeah.
I can't believe you risked your life
climbing up that tree to save us.
Of course I did.
I'm your momma bird.
And a momma bird will do
anything to protect her young.
So, we're not in trouble?
Oh, yeah, you're in trouble.
And this momma bird can make
you clean the bathroom...
The boys' bathroom,
after sloppy joe night.
BOTH: Ew!
(RAVI SCREAMING)
(THUDS) (GRUNTING AND GROANING)
Ravi?
Oh, hello.
As you may have guessed,
I am single again.
You know, Ravi,
I'm really proud of you.
(SIGHS) Why? Because I became the
world's first human Christmas ornament?
No, because even though you
wanted Sasha as your girlfriend,
you realized it wasn't worth
pretending to be someone you're not.
Thank you, Emma.
I still say, you got to do what
you got to do to get the ladies.
I've pretended to be a spy, an
astronaut, and a proctologist.
And that works?
Nope. Not even once.
By the way,
what's a proctologist?